# FingerprintSensor


### calibrate.py
Run this file to generate calibration values for `config.json`

### configuration.py
Import this to access the save/load methods for configuration options.

Run directly from the terminal to generate a `config.json` file using any existing `config.json` and `config.default.json`.

### config.default.json
Do not edit this file except to add new configuration options and their default values. 
This file is the default for every device and will be used as a base config when generating a new `config.json`

### config.json
Contains the configuration options for the fingerprint scanner.

`arducam.lib` is expected to be the full path to the **Python** version of `libarducam_vcm.so` from https://github.com/ArduCAM/RaspberryPi.

`nbis.bin` is the path to the directory containing the compiled nbis binaries (nfiq, bozorth3, etc.)

`api.key` is the *secret* API key. It must not be shared or published anywhere.

`api.url` is the full URL of the API server, including trailing slash. ex. `https://api.example.com/v0/`

`api.crt` is the name of the certificate file the API server uses. ex. `api.example.com.crt`

Obtain certificate like so, and confirm its fingerprint:
```shell
openssl s_client -showcerts -servername example.com -connect example.com:443 </dev/null 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -outform pem -out example.com.crt
[ $(openssl x509 -noout -fingerprint -sha256 < example.com.crt | cut -d '=' -f 2 | tr -d ':') == 'E8E6625DF7E47EACD715D531F1B332EA3A41DE1A8DE36DF48292E628803B7644' ] && echo "Good" || echo "Bad"
```

### Enrollment.py
Script to create the enrollment template and store in database. Template is created after 5 successive finger scans. Number of finger scans can be changed by modifying BOTH the imgs and imgs2 variables. 
